(dramatic reeling)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(radio spitting static)
♪ Your lying heart ♪
♪ And I'm hurting inside ♪
♪ Each lonely tear that falls ♪
♪ Is a part of my heart that dies ♪
♪ I'm falling all to pieces ♪
♪ With each lie you put me through ♪
♪ But as long as I last ♪
♪ I'll keep holding onto you ♪
♪ I'm crazy. I know for caring like I do ♪
♪ But I'm the kind of fool ♪
♪ Who can't let go of you ♪
♪ I'm slowly drowning ♪
♪ In a sea of hurting blues ♪
♪ But as long as I last ♪
♪ I'll keep holding onto you ♪
(somber music)
(coyotes yipping)
(coyotes howling)
(shovel scraping)
(engine starting)
(boy mumbling)
(dramatic music)
(shovel scraping)
(coyotes yipping)
(coyotes howling)
(drums beating)
(somber music)
- Sonny. get over here.
Sonny. I hate saying this to you.
but I gotta let you go.
- Sir?
- It ain't you. bud.
The best mechanic I got or ever had.
It's just economics.
That cartel violence and
that brown Mexican doper
pushing across the river.
they're driving folks in
this dump on to El Paso.
This town's drying up. kid.
And my shop's going with it.
I can't afford you.
- Can I finish today.
- I can't afford it.
Here's $100.
Makes my bookkeeping easier.
I appreciate your service. Sonny.
I do.
And I hate saying this to anybody.
let alone a vet.
You have my sympathy.
- Do I have your respect?
- Yes.
- I'll take that.
Thanks for all you've done for me.
(somber music)
(reflective music)
(engine humming)
(keys clanking)
- [Woman On Radio] That
was Margaret Lewis'
"Holding onto You."
Verde County Sheriff's
Department is hiring deputies.
Apply in person this
Tuesday. starting at 7:00 AM
down at the Sheriff's office.
And we'll be back to the music
right after a quick commercial break.
(man speaking faintly on intercom)
- Impressive military record.
What brings you to law enforcement?
- Did two tours in Nam.
I survived and made it
through Ranger School.
- Was that law enforcement?
- Well. it.
not exactly.
- Wells are for water. not job interviews.
- Yes. sir.
Trained in weapon
retention. combat tactics.
Got my fair share of
trigger time in the bank.
Used to being shot at.
- We're not at war. young man.
- Well. maybe closer than you think. sir.
- Pardon?
- Them cartels. sir. they're
bringing the war to us.
They come knocking. might
be good to have a fighter
on your force.
- This department doesn't need soldiers.
We need peace officers.
- Sometimes it ain't so different.
- Thank you.
We'll be in touch.
- Good candidate?
- Nah. he's too honest.
- Well. can't be me.
- [Mr. Dobbs] Sonny Tru. Trip...
- Tripono.
- [Mr. Dobbs] Tripondo. is that Italian?
- Yeah.
- What brings you to Financial Services?
- Well. sir. I've been
in and out of combat.
Stakes are pretty high and I
feel like that would work well
in a financial services.
- In a financial services?
- Financial services environment.
- Yes. let's see.
It says under education
it says high school.
- Yes. sir.
- You don't have to call me sir.
Mr. Dobbs will do just fine.
After all. we're not at war.
- Mr. Dobbs.
- Yes.
Hove you taken any classes in finance?
Basic economics.
Any math classes or
continuing education maybe?
- No. I haven't.
- Any future plans for taking classes?
- If I can get the money.
- Yeah.
May I be frank?
(somber music)
You're a skilled man.
just not in civilian life.
Wouldn't it be best to re-enlist
and finish your professional
life in the military
and retire with a nice pension?
I just don't have anything for ya. sir.
♪ I'm losing you when
you've got all I got ♪
♪ Thanks a lot ♪
♪ It seems you like to hurt me ♪
♪ And you know I'm good to you ♪
♪ I'd give you anything I own ♪
♪ Do anything you want me to ♪
♪ And you've really got me on the spot ♪
♪ Thanks a lot ♪
♪ Still I would forgive
you if you let me ♪
♪ I'd be glad if we could try again ♪
♪ But it seems that you're
just out to get me ♪
♪ And looks as if you're
just about to win ♪
♪ No matter what you do
I always will love you ♪
♪ And you will never know
how it hurts to see you go ♪
♪ And for calling me those
things you know I'm not ♪
♪ Thanks a lot ♪
- Let's go.
- [Mary] Get your hands off me.
- I don't think the lady
wants to go with you.
- Pardon?
- I don't think she wants to go with you.
- You the police?
- No.
- You her daddy?
- Then what do you care?
Keep slouchin'. lurch.
Tall. goofy lookin' hick.
You're in the wrong place. bro.
- [Sonny] Yeah?
- Yeah.
(body slams)
(reflective music)
- You got a ride?
- Yeah. my truck's over there.
- Does he know where you live?
- Yeah.
- You got family you can stay with?
- My grandad lives down the road.
- Why don't you stay with him?
- Okay.
Guess not all good guys
where white hats. huh?
Sometimes they wear black Stetsons.
Thanks.
- Hey. you want a job?
(country music)
♪ You're telling everyone in town ♪
♪ That I don't treat you right ♪
♪ You even say I stay away
and don't come home at night ♪
♪ I'm losing you and
you are all I've got ♪
♪ Thanks a lot ♪
♪ It seems you like to hurt me ♪
- What'd you do before this?
- Grainsmith.
- Nice.
What happened?
- Only job in town and it dried up.
- This whole town's drying up. kid.
- Yeah.
- Did I ever ask you your name?
- No.
- What is it?
- Sonny.
- That it?
- Tripono.
- What'd you say?
- Tripono. it's Italian.
- I know that.
You prior military?
- Yeah.
- What outfit?
- H Company. 75th Infantry.
- Ranger?
- Yeah.
- Me too. Frank McFirboth.
- You prior military?
- Made it through Ranger School. sniper.
19 confirmed kills.
Who knows how many overall.
I don't wanna think about it.
You?
- Try not to think about it.
- I wake up at 3:00 AM.
same time every night.
I look in the darkness and
I wonder if all those men
I closed down out there in the
shadows looking back at me.
I wonder if they're coming for me.
Or if they're waiting
for me to come to them.
- Frank. I try not to wonder.
- Yeah.
- You married?
- Was.
Had a son.
Wife took him when I was overseas.
never saw either of them again.
Didn't want our boy growing
up to be a bloody man.
I tried not to be a bad influence.
- You ever try to find him?
- Oh yeah. spend nearly
the last 40 years trying.
She died not long after she left me.
The boy ended up around here.
Actually why I moved out
West and bought this place.
Kept hoping he'd just come
walking through those doors
one day and throw his arms around me.
I'm just an old fool.
- Yeah. ain't much
different back in the world.
- Here they'll kill you with
poverty instead of bullets.
- Ain't no jobs.
- I know.
- All I know how to do is fight.
- So fight.
(dramatic music)
(country music playing in background)
♪ Lonely teardrops ♪
(dramatic music)
- Hey. old man. what you
keep lookin' at me for?
This is a Texican bar. hombre.
You're drippin' water all over the floor.
Why don't you just swim on back home.
Well. look. it's the lurch.
You ride?
You look like a lurch.
- It's time for you to leave.
- You gonna make me?
- Looks that way.
- Make me.
(fist pounding)
- 20. 30. 35
and your tip.
Keep taking out the trash.
- Yeah. thanks.
Bye.
- [Frank] Hey. hold on.
Sonny. I'll walk out with ya.
Nobody walks out alone.
- [Sonny] Goodnight. Frank.
(dramatic music)
(gun fires)
Get on the ground.
- You all right?
- Here. point this pea shooter at him.
Call the cops.
- We don't allow weapons in the bar.
but once these drunk
hicks get to their trucks.
they can grab anything.
That's why no man walks alone.
- Frank. I don't think
I wanna do this regular.
- Yeah.
(dog barking)
(hand knocking)
Come in.
Well. welcome to my palace.
(man speaking in foreign language)
- Keep it.
The old man says you need
it more than he does.
He'll be dead soon.
We have far to go.
- He say how far?
(man speaking in foreign language)
- The old man wishes to thank you. sir.
- Just taking out the trash.
- He's seen you before.
You're a soldier.
- Yeah. I was.
- Are you still willing to fight?
- Depends on the fight.
- There is no work for
soldiers in this town.
The town is dying.
You must be dying with it.
- Yeah. I guess so.
- He knows where $100.000 are buried.
- Oh yeah. where. in the North Pole?
- No. in the false grave 20
meters outside of cemetery.
- The cemetery?
- No. on the other side.
Only 100 meters from the Texas border.
There is no American law.
- What about Mexican law?
- No law. except the cartel.
And the law man meets with
the skill. the soldier skill.
- What's the American's name on the grave?
- John Portero.
- How does he know all this?
- 'Cause he buried it.
- Aren't you afraid of
the cartel killing him
for telling me all this?
- He is ready to lose his
life to be free of them.
Or he will just die of his cancer.
Or you can kill them for him.
- I ain't no killer.
- Yes. you are.
He sees your eyes.
There are wolves and coyotes.
Both are killers.
One is a sneak and a trickster.
and the other is a killer with honor.
You're a wolf.
He believes you can kill these coyotes.
He has drawn you a map.
He just buried the money last night.
Every new moon they open up
the grave and count the money.
You have 29 days before
they know the money is gone.
They call each cycle a Mexican moon.
- Then what happens?
- They will find you and try to kill you.
(dramatic music)
He desires you to punish them.
- You punish me. kid.
No thanks. amigo.
Sorry.
Good luck to you and the old man. though.
- Look. the old man lives at the cemetery.
He's the caretaker.
If you change your mind. come and see him.
- What's his name?
- Juan Pena.
- It's a strong name.
Tell him I'm sorry about his cancer.
- I'll tell him.
(crickets chirping)
(phone ringing)
This is Sonny.
- [Marge] It's your landlord. Marge.
You're late on your rent.
You got it?
- No. I don't have it.
- [Marge] Be that as it may.
your lease agreement
stipulates delinquent payment-
- I got laid off.
- [Marge] Past for days
can result in eviction.
If the rent's not in my office by morning.
we're changing the locks.
- I understand.
- [Marge] Anything left in your trailer.
(phone ringing)
- This is Sonny.
- [Torry] Hello Mr. Tripono. this is Torry
with Verde Capital Collections.
How are you?
Mr. Tripono?
- Isn't a little late for
the bank to be callin'?
- [Torry] I'm actually
with Verde Collections.
open 24 hours.
- Right.
- [Torry] It seems you are
behind on your truck payment.
Are you able to make payments?
- No. I don't have it.
- [Torry] I'm sorry to hear that.
but this isn't your
first delinquent payment.
- I got laid off.
- [Torry] Oh. well. unfortunately we'll
still have to take the
truck back in the morning.
- No. I understand.
- [Torry] We'll send someone
in the morning to retrieve it.
Thanks for you time.
Have a wonderful night.
- Oh. you too.
(somber music)
(coyotes yipping)
(engine murmuring)
- Hey!
(church bells tolling)
Where you headed. cowboy?
You don't remember me?
- Where's Prince Charming?
- Jail.
He got into another fight
that night with a cop.
- You bail him out?
- No. he's not my boyfriend.
- I didn't ask.
- You didn't have to.
- Make it to your granddaddy's all right?
- Yeah.
So where are you headed?
- Tin Alley RV's.
- That's seven miles out.
- Closer to six.
- Come on.
Well. are you afraid of girls?
- Sometimes.
- You don't have to be afraid of me.
Why are you dressed like that?
- [Sonny] It's my work clothes.
I was looking for a job.
- [Woman] Did you find one?
- [Sonny] No.
- [Woman] Sorry.
- [Sonny] I'll figure something out.
- So is anyone home?
- I'm not married.
- I didn't ask.
- Didn't have to.
- You're a soldier.
- Why does everybody ask me that.
- People ask the obvious.
- Yeah.
Well. thanks for the ride.
- Mary. and you are?
- Still trying to figure that out.
Sonny.
- Sonny?
- Tripono.
- Is that Italian?
- People do ask the obvious.
Thanks for the ride.
- Yeah.
(somber music)
- What's that?
- [Sonny] My stuff.
- Don't it belong in your trailer?
- [Sonny] What trailer?
- Oh. I see.
- [Sonny] Give me a beer. will ya. Frank?
- No. sir.
- [Sonny] Ain't this a bar?
- Not for you it ain't.
You gonna be another drunk. homeless vet
and I ain't gonna let that happen.
Here's what you gonna do.
Take those keys and go
take a shower. you stink.
You'll crash at my place tonight
and in the morning I'll drive
you to the VA in El Paso.
They'll set you up with
their job placement service.
- [Sonny] Frank. you got a second?
- I got 120 of 'em and then
I gotta get back to work.
(acoustic guitar music)
And you believed him?
- Yeah. it checked out.
- I don't like it.
- What do you mean?
- Three rules of combat.
Know your enemy. know yourself
and remove uncertainty.
- Yeah. and strike with
overwhelming force.
- Oh. yeah. I forgot that one.
- So how would you do it?
- I just I wouldn't.
- Yeah. but if you was to.
- Well. we're in neutral territory. right?
- Well. it ain't Texas.
Mexican government don't patrol it none.
so yeah that's neutral enough.
- I'd load up a batch of
ammo with them supplies
you said your boss gave
you when you got laid off.
Load up some rifle ammo.
If you use those components.
there're be no tracing 'em back to you
when the cartels start scratchin' around.
And get a map.
- Gotta a map.
- I mean real one from the
Army Corps of Engineers.
Learn every gopher and snake hole
within a one mile radius of that grave
so you can fight that
area blind if you have to.
- Ain't gonna be no fight.
- Get ready to fight anyway
and get ready to be tracked.
- Yeah.
- I mean tracked to the ends of the earth.
You take that money. they'll kill ya.
- They'll try.
- And there's something else.
You really gonna kill for money?
- Well. like I said. there
ain't gonna be no killin'.
- There's gonna be killin'.
They'll keep sendin' men
after you like in Nam. Sonny.
You cut one head off and two
more will grow right back.
And there's gonna be
more of them than you.
I don't like it.
- Yeah. you said that.
- Well. I'm saying it again.
Sonny. you're a soldier. not a mercenary.
You really gonna kill for money.
even if they is bums?
You ain't that kind of killer. kid.
And listen. you think
working here is dangerous.
wait till you steal honey
from an army of bees.
Yeah. I said steal.
What makes stealing
this money any different
than riskin' workin' here?
- Here I'm riskin' my
neck for 50 bucks a night.
This. this $100.000.
I only gotta do it once.
- Yeah. well. you're a
soldier. not a killer.
- What's the difference?
- Honor and your 120 seconds are up.
Now go get yourself cleaned up.
(dramatic music)
(police radio talking in background)
- Dog tags. huh?
You a soldier?
Sonny Tipono.
That Italian?
Hey. you're the soldier
that wanted to be a deputy.
Sure.
That's a good thing we didn't hire you.
Get up.
Keep it up. kid.
I'm real good friends
with the medical examiner.
I just sent him a customer last
month. as a matter of fact.
He's open 24 hours.
Get up.
Get up!
Public intox is three days
in the clink. soldier.
Drunk and disorderly
is seven. plus a fine.
which I'm guessin' you can't pay.
(dramatic music)
You're a dead man.
- [Sonny] So are you if try to follow me.
(mysterious music)
(speaking in foreign language)
(acoustic guitar music)
Why'd you act like you
didn't speak no English?
(man laughing)
- Didn't know how far I could trust you.
- What about now?
- Do I have a choice?
- Guess you don't have
as much of a choice now.
(speaking in foreign language)
With a deputy back in town.
(man speaking in foreign language)
Nah. but he ain't too fond of me.
I'll shoot first next time. comprende?
- Question is. do you understand?
- I understand nothing since
I came back to the world.
They took my truck. trailer. job.
- Who took them?
- Civilized world. I guess.
People want soldiers when
there's fighting to be done.
but after the war's over.
they don't want to take them
into their houses.
- Yeah.
You're a man between two
worlds. just like me.
(man coughing)
Look. 100 yards that way is
Texas and here we are in Mexico.
But this is not Mexico. man.
(speaking in foreign language)
Border country.
Look. I speak Spanish. I'm not Mexican.
Speak English and I'm not even American.
I have no home but this cemetery.
My companions are already dead.
(man coughing)
I will join soon.
But you know what. amigo?
I think you're wrong about who
took those things from you.
Man. it wasn't society.
No. it was the cartel. those narcos. man.
They are like the cancer in my stomach.
Strangled was a life.
And they took my wife. my children.
My money and my dignity.
They leave me here just
to bury their money
and their secrets.
And their dead.
Ah. yeah. that's my granddaughter.
Thank God they still don't know about her.
- I helped her out back in town
and she returned the favor.
- Yeah. she told me.
She stayed with me that
night when you saved her.
You know what?
She doesn't have a boyfriend.
- I didn't ask.
- You didn't have to.
I can see it in your eyes. man.
The way you look at that photograph.
and the same thing with her.
the way she talks about you.
- Yeah. well. one crisis at a time.
- Like $100.000?
- Let's do it. amigo.
(man coughing)
- Okay.
I'm too sick to help you. man.
If you're gonna do this. you're
gonna have to do it alone.
- Been alone all my life.
- Well. you might end up
with a guilty conscience.
- Already got a guilty conscience.
Might as well have $100.000.
- Then (speaking in foreign language).
I might not make it through the night.
but I wish you well.
- See you on the other side.
- You mean on the other side of the border
or after death?
- Whichever comes first.
Adios.
- Adios.
(somber guitar music)
(shovel scraping)
In the grave. there are two containers.
One has the money.
- [Sonny] What's in the other one?
- [Man] Like I said. there's secrets.
You must not open it
under any circumstance.
If you see it. bury it immediately
or you're gonna be another dead gringo.
(mysterious music)
(metal lock clanking)
(dramatic music)
(birds cawing)
(speaking in foreign language)
(dramatic music)
(mysterious music)
(door slamming)
(acoustic guitar music)
(speaking in foreign language)
- Hello.
(speaking in foreign
language) Has a free gift
for kids everywhere.
A free gift. an eraser
that looks just like me.
It is free in every six
pack of Fritos Corn Chips.
It erases anything you draw.
(speaking in foreign
language) Eraser is free gift
from the Frito Bug.
- [Announcer] Get the
specially marked six pack
of Fritos Corn Chips with a free...
(thunder crashing)
(suspenseful music)
(television playing in the background)
(thunder crashing)
(weapon fires)
(adventurous music)
(weapons fire)
(suspenseful music)
(thunder crashing)
(water running)
- [Woman Newscaster]
Following a shooting tonight.
the Verde County Sheriff's Department
is asking the public to
be the lookout for a tall.
white male wearing a black
Stetson. possibly injured.
If you see this person.
immediately contact the
sheriff's department.
He could be armed and dangerous.
Do not try to approach this individual.
(somber music)
(thunder crashing)
(water running)
(speaking in foreign language)
(mellow acoustic music)
- Get in.
- What are you doing here?
- Saving you.
You know cartel has a man on your trail.
- Yeah. I know.
(country music)
How'd you find me?
- I've been following you
ever since you took the money.
- So what. are you my stalker now?
- This is serious.
- Just a game.
- It's not a game.
I know a lot of gringos just
like you playing with fire.
Stupid gringo.
My grandfather's dead.
He was buried yesterday.
- I'm sorry.
- You let him talk you
into this. didn't you?
- I made up my own mind.
- Stupid gringo.
- Where are we goin'?
- Somewhere safe.
(upbeat music)
♪ 7 Up ♪
♪ We see the light at 7 Up ♪
♪ We couldn't have made
it through the day ♪
♪ Without something to show ♪
(hand knocking)
- Do you need a rental?
- I'm not looking for a trailer.
- Special Agent Torres. DEA.
Investigating a shooting here last night.
Trying to establish a
connection with the drug trade.
- How can I help?
- We announce to the public.
Can I get your statement on him?
- Well. the police
already took my statement.
- We'd like a version
for our records as well.
- He was tall and skinny
with a black Stetson.
- Yeah. we have that.
Is there anything else?
- Well. he said he was bound for El Paso.
I asked him where he was from
and he said over the mountains.
Free Sands. I said.
No ma'am. he said. other
mountains. Presidio.
- You have a very good memory.
- They let you wear your hair that long?
- I've been undercover.
- And what happened to your arm?
- Not supposed to talk about it.
but I can tell nothing gets past you.
May I see the trailer.
- Police taped it off.
- I am the police.
(mellow music)
(coffee pouring)
- Well. good afternoon.
Want some coffee?
- Sure.
So what's next?
- We go back to the start.
- Meaning what?
- Start of the trouble.
The cartel money.
Where is it?
- Somewhere safe.
- You don't trust me.
- Gotta earn trust.
- Okay. well. we're earn it together.
- How we gonna do that?
- I'm going with you.
- Where?
- We gotta take the
money back to the cartel.
- You're serious.
- Very.
- They shoot us full of holes.
Besides. I don't even got
my rifle. got it stashed.
Wanna show you something.
- Here. so here's the grave
where the money goes in.
- I remember.
- Can you find it in the dark?
- We got the moon.
- Good. because you'll
need to go in by foot.
No trucks. no lights.
- Where are you gonna be?
- Right here.
We're gonna pick you up.
Bury the money fast and
shallow then book it
right up into this side
road by the cemetery.
I'll be waiting for you.
- You sure?
- Why won't you trust me?
- I've known a lot of women.
- None like me.
- Okay.
So I return the money.
you pick me up. then what?
- I'll have word sent out to
the cartels it's been returned.
- How?
- I have a contact.
- Who?
- I can't tell you right now.
You just. you have to trust me.
- I don't like it.
- What choice do you have?
- Your grandfather said the same thing.
- He's right.
Do you have any other choice?
- I know where the money is. you don't.
I could take it and disappear.
No law says I gotta follow
you back into a snake hole
I'm already cleared of.
- There's plenty of laws.
- Like what?
- The law you broke when you
pulled a gun on that deputy.
The law you broke when
you stole that money.
And the law you broke.
- Killing that boy.
- I didn't say it.
- You didn't have to.
- Look. I can help you with all that too.
You just gotta trust me.
- Can I use your truck?
- Yeah.
(acoustic guitar music)
So. how long will it take
you to get the money?
- Hour. give or take.
- Give. don't take.
Okay. so it's gonna be 10
minutes to cross the border
and another five to the cemetery.
Hey.
I'll be waiting for you.
- We'll see.
- I'm sending you off in my
truck to go get the money.
You could take the
briefcase and disappear.
but you said you gotta earn trust.
so we're earning it together.
- Don't bother.
Drop it.
You can turn.
- So finish it.
- I was meant to take you alive.
- It's considerate of you.
- You deserve a soldier's
death. not an assassin's.
- What's the difference?
- Soldiers get to fight back.
- Dead is dead.
- It's about how you're remembered.
- How are you gonna be remembered?
- Canu. assassin. that's what I am.
- So what's next?
- The old man's granddaughter's
waiting for you up the road.
After that. a very important
person's coming to see you.
- Only one thing I don't understand.
- What's that?
- Where'd you learn to
speak such good English?
- I'm from El Paso.
You shouldn't stay.
Walk on up to her like you planned.
I'll head in from behind.
You know. if you run or try
anything. I'll kill her.
- I know.
- Are you okay?
- [Sonny] I'm fine.
Get back.
- A very dangerous person
will be here shortly.
He will kill you. your boyfriend.
and me if I don't kill you first.
- [Sonny] Or?
- Or kill me. take the keys. keep running.
At least you'll have your fighting chance.
Soldier's chance.
(dramatic music)
(gun fires)
(somber music)
(man groaning)
- Sonny.
(adventurous music)
- Drop the weapon. Sonny.
We know who you are.
- Toss it.
So now what?
- Now we talk.
Without guns.
She's fine. my man's got her.
Where's the money?
This caveman thing
isn't gonna work. Sonny.
Believe me. I'm the only friend you've got
that can straighten this out.
Now where's the money?
- It's back in the grave.
- All right.
We need to have a conversation
that we can't have back in Texas.
It's not safe here.
You need to come with me
back to the old man's shack.
He's been buried.
Our team has cleared it.
Prove that you can trust me.
I'm gonna let you hold onto that 45
you got in your waistband.
I know I can trust you.
You gotta believe that
you can trust me. Sonny.
(fan buzzing)
Stick of gum?
I just quit smoking.
Wife says I'm a beast.
Well. it may not seem like it.
today's your luck day.
Maybe I should say
you're a very lucky man. Mr. Tripono.
Mary. she.
sure you don't wanna stick of gum?
- No.
- All right.
Mary and her grandfather
were in union position
to help us fight the cartels. Mr. Tripono.
Here grandfather in his cemetery
were a wealth of information
in just about every aspect
on the cartel's operation in this area.
Buried money. buried enemies.
Maps. weapons and cached ammo.
It's the mother lode.
She's been helping us build
our case for over a year.
In exchange. we offered her grandfather
what protection we could.
What happened tonight never happened.
if you catch my meaning.
A few hundred yards north into Texas.
our story has a different ending.
As it stands. I should have
never arrested you where I did.
- Didn't know you arrested me.
- The boy that was killed.
now that was in Texas.
Perhaps boy is too gentle of a word
'cause we traced at least
nine murders back to him.
all of which occurred
south of the magical river.
so he's not our problem.
Who killed him?
Doesn't matter.
Drug deal gone bad. that's
what our reports say.
And that man you killed tonight
was responsible for that boy's death.
He knew that you would
mistake that boy for himself.
We knew that he'd set it up.
But if we'd have interfered.
we'd have blown our cover.
His name is
(laughing)
his name was John Torres.
DEA Special Agent.
He went rogue.
We had two options. build
a case and arrest him.
which would be impossible
'cause he could vanish
into Mexico like a ghost.
or we could put a hit out
on him and have him removed.
unofficially. of course.
And that's where you came in.
This. this is you. Sonny.
Military record. personal history.
They say Uncle Sam doesn't
file on every person.
but he does.
We knew Agent Torres was
obsessed with honor and combat.
We knew he'd challenge you.
Based on your war record.
we bet on you to win.
Let me tell you why you're a
very luck man. Mr. Tripono.
The DEA is offering a $50.000 reward.
that money you brought back.
What's more. Sonny
Tripono dies in that fight
across the border tonight.
He's buried in that cemetery
with all those other cartel secrets.
That is you.
You keep shut about
everything I shared tonight.
cooperate with us completely.
help us construct our case
against the cartel.
in this envelope
is your new life.
Birth certificate. driver's license.
Social Security card. everything.
Including a clean record.
And we'll also take care
of that little local thing
you had going on.
Also. if you just happen to be married.
that would. well. that'd
make our paperwork
that much easier.
We'll give you two
minutes to talk about it.
(calming music)
- So is this what you couldn't tell me?
Should have trusted you.
- Just start now.
- So what do you say?
- About what?
- Said the paperwork would
be easier if we were married.
- If you were married.
He didn't say anything about me.
- Who else would I marry?
Isn't is every girl's
dream to get proposed to
in a Mexican cemetery after a shooting?
- I don't know. Sonny.
You don't want me.
Find yourself a nice Italian girl.
- I want you.
- I want you too.
(dramatic music)
(grill sizzling)
- [Sonny] Howdy. Frank.
- You look like a banker on holiday.
Thought they turned you down
for that job at the bank.
Where's your hat?
- Wife didn't like it.
- Wife?
- Just got married.
- Congratulations.
Mailman must of lost my invitation.
- It's complicated.
- Yeah. money tends to complicate things.
Told you not to take it.
- Well. it's all over now.
Gave it back.
- So that's it?
- Yeah. that's it.
- But now you gotta leave town.
- Yeah.
- I understand.
- Thanks for all you done for me.
- Wish it could have been more.
- Not more. just sooner.
- You ain't no orphan.
Tripono. it's Italian as far as we knew.
Guess you already figured that out.
It's got no dishonor associated with it
that I'm aware of.
- Had to change it.
- Yeah. well it's still yours.
Ain't life a thing.
Find you just in time to give you up.
- Yeah. well. next time
we'll get it right.
(country music)
♪ You're telling everyone in town ♪
♪ That I don't treat you right ♪
♪ You even say I stay away
and don't come home at night ♪
♪ I'm losing you and
you are all I've got ♪
♪ Thanks a lot ♪
♪ It seems you like to hurt me ♪
♪ And you know I'm good to you ♪
♪ I'd give you anything I own ♪
♪ Do anything you want me to ♪
♪ And know you've really
got me on the spot ♪
♪ Thanks a lot ♪
♪ Still I would forgive
you if you'd let me ♪
♪ I'd be glad if we could try again ♪
♪ But it seems that you're
just out to get me ♪
♪ And it looks as if
you're just about to win ♪
♪ No matter what you do.
I always will love you ♪
♪ And you will never know
how it hurts to see you go ♪
♪ And for calling me those
things you know I'm not ♪
♪ Thanks a lot ♪
(country music)